FEATURE: Prototypes can define `@styleguide.container` for preview (#146)
sitegeist/Sitegeist.Monocle: README.md

The distinction between rendering- and mapping-prototypes can be compared to
presentational-components vs. container-components in the ReactJS world.

### Preview Containers

Often components have to be rendered in the styleguide inside another component. In this case a `container`

> can be defined in the styleguide annotation. The container is the applied as processor to the uppermost prototype.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be defined in the styleguide annotation. The container is applied as a processor to the uppermost prototype.
```

```
prototype(Vendor.Site:ExampleComponent) < prototype(Neos.Fusion:Component) {
    @styleguide {
        container = Vendor.Site:ExampleContainer
    }

    renderer = afx`
        <h1>Hello World</h1>
    `
}
```

The `container` prototype has to accept the prop `content` that will contain the rendered prototype.

```
prototype(Vendor.Site:ExampleContainer) < prototype(Neos.Fusion:Component) {
    content = null
    renderer = afx`
        <div class="container">{props.content}</div>
    `
}
```

> *Please note that containers are only rendered for the uppermost prototype that is rendered in the styleguide. For all other
> prototype only the renderer is evaluated. This also applies to prototypes rendered by `Sitegeist.Monocle:Preview.Prototype`.*

Reviewer: I don't quite understand the phrasing here. What do you mean by `uppermost prototype`?

**Edit:** Just got it :D 

But I think this should be clarified. How about:
```suggestion
*When multiple styleguide elements are nested please note that only the container for the outermost element will be rendered. For all nested elements 
the container will be omitted. This also applies to prototypes rendered by `Sitegeist.Monocle:Preview.Prototype`.*
```
